c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\Library.UI.dll.config
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\Library.UI.dll
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\Library.UI.pdb
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\obj\Debug\Library.UI.dll
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\obj\Debug\Library.UI.pdb
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\maximandeugenia\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Library.UI\Library.UI\obj\Debug\Library.UI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\Library.UI.dll.config
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\Library.UI.dll
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\Library.UI.pdb
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\Ninject.dll
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\obj\Debug\Library.UI.dll
C:\GitProj\Library\UI\Library.UI\obj\Debug\Library.UI.pdb
